Tasks
•	2 teams – Red and blue 
•	4 players –B1 & B2 and R1 & R2 

1.Thread based client connection 
a.	When client connecting needs to check whether the username is unique -- Done
b.	If user enters not unique username there should be a message telling to update the username again. - Done
b.	After connecting each user all other user needs to send the message - Done
c.	Client side needs to display the user’s already in the system - Done
d.	First player would be the B1, 2nd player R1, 3rd player B2 and last player R2. - Done
e.	Client side all the players needs to display the “connecting…” message while all the players connect. - Done
f.	When each and every player connects the instead of “connecting…” the relevant player’s username should display. - Done
g.	After all the 4 players connect with the server should send card to each and every player to. - Done


2. Deal cards
a. 	Server needs to send cards all players. - Done
b. 	One card cannot send to two players. - Done
c.	Server needs to keep track of all cards that have in each users. - Done
d.	Random card generating  - Done
e.	Keep track of selected cards - Donevcxvcx
	


3. Bidding
a. 	The First user appeared a popup to enter the bid values. - Done
b. 	If the bid values if > 13 there should be a message. 
c. 	After Player 1 sucess add his bid the next player(player 2) needs to appear a popup to add his bid
d. 	Bids adding needs to continue until all players added their bid. - Done

4. Game stat needs to procced and send to each clients. 
a.	Before starting the game needs to display the bids.
b. 	After each trick needs to update the game stat panel.

5.Start the game
a.	Player 1 selects a card and this needs to replicate to all other users.
b.	If some player cheat it needs to track and send a message and halt until he selects another to procced.
c.	After each trick the game stat needs to update.
d.	If someone cheat display a message.
e.	Select the current player who playing the card and keep that in the server side.
f. 	After finishing each game it needs to pass to the other player who next to the current selected player.

6.Match Stat
a.	Server side keep the stat data
b.	Client side display the stat in a different popup window.
c.	Define a data structure for the match stat
d.	Tracking winning one row

	


